By the way, see my mom later
Don't say what you should say or what you shouldn't say
Understand what not to say
Just rent Doudou as my son
Renting you as my boyfriend?
Can I warn you?
If my mom finds out
I won't give you any money
I'm not short of that salary
Why are you pretending again?
Why? You seem a little nervous to me.
This is about whether or not I'm going to make it.
Happy life
But my mother must not find any clues
Otherwise it will be broken.
Got it.
What does that mean?
You and I are husband and wife
It's wrong not to hold hands
That makes sense.
Then I will fight
Mom, we're back.
Mom, this is me.
This is the acne you told me about.
The kids have grown so big
You just told mom
Guess he looks just like you when you were a kid
In fact, the first time I saw Doudou
Also have this feeling
Grandma, you are so young
Just like my mom's sister
You little mouth
Lying can melt people's hearts
Grandma lies, her nose will grow long
Look at how short my nose is
I'm really Mommy's son
Can't be wrong hahaha
Grandma prepared a big red envelope for you.
Thank you, Grandma.
You are Xiao Gu
So handsome
My daughter?
Can be with you
It is the blessing he has cultivated in eight lifetimes
Ouch, mom, what are you talking about? You didn't say that.
The food altar is also excellent
What else do you call yourself?
You even have children
Hurry up and call mom
Ask me to give you more money.
Mom
Hey, hey, hey.